konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2784)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/release-notes/index.md

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must be a registered user and logged on to the support portal to download this product. For new customers, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@d2iq.com">sales@d2iq.com</a> before attempting to download Konvoy.</p>

### Version v1.4.0 - Released 28 February 2020

#### Disclaimer

- The generated release artifacts will now untar in `./konvoy_v1.4.0/konvoy` instead of `./linux/konvoy_v1.4.0/konvoy`.

> - The `nodePool.name` must be a valid Kubernetes label value in future release. This version of Konvoy will print a warning message if your nodePool names do not comply with the requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `nodePool.name` must be a valid Kubernetes label value in future release. This version of Konvoy prints a warning message if your nodePool names do not comply with the requirement.
```

- The Kommander and Dispatch addons are now in their own repos.

> **You must modify your `cluster.yaml` with these changes when upgrading from a previous version. This also means you are no longer able to use the `konvoy.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1` apiVersion in your `cluster.yaml` if also deploying Kommander or Dispatch, since that version did not support multiple addon repositories.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--important"><strong>IMPORTANT: </strong>You must modify your `cluster.yaml` with these changes when upgrading from a previous version. You can also no longer use the `konvoy.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1` apiVersion in your `cluster.yaml` if you are also deploying Kommander or Dispatch. That API version did not support multiple addon repositories.</p>
```

Below is a partial `cluster.yaml` that contains the required changes.

```yaml
kind: ClusterConfiguration
apiVersion: konvoy.mesosphere.io/v1beta1
spec:
  addons:
  - configRepository: https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.2.0
    addonsList:
    - name: kommander
      enabled: false # remove the kommander addon or set "enabled: false"
    - name: dispatch
      enabled: false # remove the dispatch addon or set "enabled: false"
      ...
  - configRepository: https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons-dispatch
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.0.0
    addonsList:
    - name: dispatch # Dispatch is currently in Beta
      enabled: true
  - configRepository: https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons-kommander
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.0.0
    addonsList:
    - name: kommander
      enabled: true
```

#### Improvements

> -   A preflight check will fail if existing PVs (from a previous installation) are found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A preflight check fails if existing PVs (from a previous installation) are found.
```

-   Automatically label nodes with `konvoy.mesosphere.com/inventory_hostname` with the `node_pool` value set in `inventory.yaml` file.
-   Notarize the binaries produced for Darwin to be compatible with MacOS Catalina https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=12232019a.
-   Add `runc` version to diagnostic bundles generated by the diagnose subcommand.
-   Add `resolv.conf` to diagnostic bundles generated by the diagnose subcommand.
-   Add `etcdctl` diagnostic outputs to bundles generated by the diagnose subcommand.
-   Enable strict yaml parsing for `cluster.yaml`.
-   New flag `--without-draining` to skip draining nodes during upgrades.
-   Moved the Kommander and Dispatch addons to their own repos. Remove flags `--addons-config-repository` and `--addons-config-version` and instead added `--addons-repositories`.

> -   New commands `konvoy drain`, `konvoy cordon` and `konvoy uncordon` that will run the corresponding `kubectl` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New commands `konvoy drain`, `konvoy cordon` and `konvoy uncordon` that run the corresponding `kubectl` commands.
```

    - This functionality relies on the Kubernetes nodes having a label `konvoy.mesosphere.com/node_pool=_node_pool_` where `_node_pool_` corresponds to the `nodePool.name` defined in the `cluster.yaml` file.

>     - Starting with this release, Konvoy will automatically label the nodes with the nodePool, you may run `konvoy deploy -y` to apply the labels prior to running these new commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Starting with this release, Konvoy automatically labels the nodes with the nodePool. You can run `konvoy deploy -y` to apply the labels prior to running these new commands.
```

> -   New commands `konvoy get nodepools`, `konvoy create nodepool`, `konvoy scale nodepool` to manage the `nodePool` entries in the `cluster.yaml` file. These commands will not mutate the infrastructure, you will still need to run `konvoy up` to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New commands `konvoy get nodepools`, `konvoy create nodepool`, `konvoy scale nodepool` manage the `nodePool` entries in the `cluster.yaml` file. These commands do not change the infrastructure, you still need to run `konvoy up` to apply the changes.
```

#### Bug fixes

> - Fix a bug where a failure with `konvoy down` and `konvoy reset` would prematurely delete files required on a retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where a failure with `konvoy down` and `konvoy reset` would prematurely delete files required on a retry.
```

> - Fix a bug in `konvoy reset` that prevented Kubernetes system packages from being removed on Ubuntu 16.04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `konvoy reset` that prevented Kubernetes system packages from being removed on Ubuntu 16.04.
```
I would change the remainder of these to 'Fixed'.

> - Fix a bug that causes `konvoy reset` to fail when running it after the kubectl package is installed but before `kubeadm` succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that causes `konvoy reset` to fail when running it after the kubectl package is installed but before `kubeadm` succeeds.
```

> - Fix a bug that causes `konvoy reset` to fail when running it after the kubectl package is installed but before `kubeadm` succeeds.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug that causes `konvoy reset` to fail when running the command after the kubectl package is installed, but before `kubeadm` succeeds.
```

> - Fix the URL that is printed for the ops-portal after an install when using a custom domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the URL that is printed for the ops-portal, after an install, when using a custom domain.
```

> - Fix the URL that is printed for the ops-portal after an install when using a custom domain.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix the URL that is printed for the ops-portal, after an install, when using a custom domain.
```

> - Fix a bug where the cluster.yaml was improperly parsed where there are `---` in addon values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the cluster.yaml file was improperly parsed when there are `---` in addon values.
```

> - Fix a bug where the cluster.yaml was improperly parsed where there are `---` in addon values.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where the cluster.yaml file was improperly parsed when there are `---` in addon values.
```

> - Add Tekton utility images to the air-gapped release tar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Tekton utility images to the air-gapped release tar.
```

#### Addons improvements

> -   Disable audit log collection, in fluentd. It's been observed in production clusters that the audit log bloats the number of fields in an index. This causes resource limits to be filled and throttling to occur. Disabling this collection pending further investigation. To maitain previous behavior, set the values of the `fluentbit` addon as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Disable audit log collection in fluentd. It's been observed in production clusters that the audit log bloats the number of fields in an index. This causes resource limits to be filled and throttling to occur. We are disabling this collection pending further investigation. To maintain the previous behavior, set the values of the `fluentbit` addon as follows:
```

    ```yaml
          - name: fluentbit
            enabled: true
            values: |
              audit:
                enable: true
    ```

-   The Kommander and Dispatch addons are now in their own repos and were removed from the default kubernetes-base-addons repo.
-   Automatically deploy Kudo `v0.8.x` when the Kubeaddons controller is deployed.

> -   New default addon `elasticsearch-curator` to manage Elasticsearch indices and prevent it from filling up the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New default addon `elasticsearch-curator` manages Elasticsearch indices and prevents them from filling up the disk.
```

-   RBAC authorization is now available for the Operations Portal addons. To maintain the previous behavior of all authenticated users having access to the Operations Portal addons, set the values of the `opsportal` addon as follows:

    ```yaml
          - name: opsportal
            enabled: true
            values: |
              opsportalRBAC:
                allowAllAuthenticated: true
    ```

    After this configuration is applied, external users must be granted access to Operations Portal resources explicitly. For information on creating policies see the [Portal Authorization](../security/external-idps/rbac#portal-authorization) documentation.
-   Allow for using the default AWS AMI when installing GPU nodes.
-   In `dex-k8s-authenticator` allow scopes to be configured, and drop the `offline_access` scope as it is not used.
-   In `kube-oidc-proxy` enable token passthrough.
-   In `dex`:

>     - improve the LDAP connector validation in Dex controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Improved the LDAP connector validation in the Dex controller.
```

>     - improve the LDAP connector validation in Dex controller.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Improve the LDAP connector validation in the Dex controller.
```

>     - fix an issue in dex addon which disallowed adding local users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fixed an issue in the dex addon which disallowed adding local users.
```

>     - fix an issue in dex addon which disallowed adding local users.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix an issue in the dex addon which disallowed adding local users.
```

>     - use Dex controller v0.4.1, which includes the support for OIDC group claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the Dex controller v0.4.1, which includes support for OIDC group claims.
```

>     - upgrade Dex to v2.22.0, which supports groups claims for OIDC connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Upgrade Dex to v2.22.0, which supports groups claims for OIDC connectors.
```

#### Improvements

> - Added a new flag `--addons-config-repository` to commands `konvoy init`, `konvoy up` and `konvoy provision` to be able specify a local clone for [kubernetes-base-addons](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons). Documentation can be found [here](../install/install-onprem#specifying-local-addons-repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new flag `--addons-config-repository` to commands `konvoy init`, `konvoy up` and `konvoy provision` to be able to specify a local clone for [kubernetes-base-addons](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons). Documentation can be found [here](../install/install-onprem#specifying-local-addons-repositories).
```
